Publish/subscribe (#1776)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/messaging/mqtt-will-message.md

# Will Message

EMQX implements the will message feature of MQTT. If a will message is set for a client, EMQX sends the message to relevant subscribers when the client is accidentally disconnected, so that the subscribers can be informed and update the client status.

> You can use client tools to test this messaging service in EMQX. This section introduces how to use the [MQTT X Client](https://mqttx.app/) and [MQTT X CLI](https://mqttx.app/cli) to simulate clients and test how a will message is published and received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use client tools to try this messaging service in EMQX. This section introduces how to use the [MQTT X Client](https://mqttx.app/) and [MQTT X CLI](https://mqttx.app/cli) to simulate clients and see how a will message is published and received.
```
